Team name: Team1

Members present: Elle Miller, Andrew Hodges, Natasha Kidwell

Date: 11/21/2025

Time: 2:00 PM

Discussion points:

*   Nick's demo. 
    *   Nick created a demo without consulting other members of the group. 
    *   Potential integration of features from Nick's demo with what Elle, Andrew, and Natasha have done.
*   Complete final tasks for Math-eroids
    *   Game Related Tasks: 
        *   Menu and File tasks   
            *   Add a Start Screen/Base Menu (Natasha)
            *   Further integration that includes other files (Elle)
            *   fix format of leaderboard (Elle)
        *   Website:
            *   Finish and Format Website (Nick - Natasha if Nick does not complete it. This includes adding visuals and proper description.)
        *   Tighten up movement and clean up gameplay
	        *   Add Collision between Rocket and Asteroids (Andrew)
	        *   Look at player movement again (Andrew)
	        *   Adjust screen size to a larger size (if have time, Low priority) (Andrew)
	        *   Asteroid going over game text (Elle)
    *   Narrowing of scope:
        *   Accessibility of color format options and alternative text have been reduced to lowest priority because of time constraints. 
    *   Presentation and Artifact Related Tasks:
        *   The Rubric for presentation will be posted during the weekend.
        *   Fix Sequence Diagrams and Final UML diagrams (Natasha)
        *   Game Demo video made to show functionality during prsentation (Andrew)
        *   Gathering and making part of presentation on Leaderboard and databases.
        *   Flush out game development and logic portions of the presentation.
        *   Frontend/Website end of the Presentation has been assigned to Nick. (Nick)
*   In-Class Testcase Assignment
    *   Create simple tests or debugging to show that player rotation and thrust works. (Natasha)

Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

*   Have presentation (mostly )done by Monday or Tuesday before Thanksgiving break.
*   Responisbilities
    *   Elle: 
        *   Leaderboard format adjustments, Asteroid going over game text, reorganize/update Clickup tasks, further integration of other files, and create leaderboard and database part of presentation.
    *   Natasha:
        *   Inclass testcase assignment, presentation outline and visuals, asteroid animation, game menu, this week's note write-up, (if time - flush website out a bit more)
    *   Andrew:
        *   rocket and asteroid collision, look at player movement again, record short game demo, adjust screen size, game logic and demo portion of presentation.   
    * Nick:
        *   finish website, create website portion of presentation, work with group mates to integrate work with other groupmates.


